---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/010-brain/010-my-brain/202112290117-a-trend/","created":"2021-12-29T01:17:51.000-05:00","updated":"2025-03-20T01:41:04.889-04:00"}
---

---

> The manifestation of sustained change within an industry, the public sector, or society, or in the way that we behave toward one another. 
- A starting point that helps us simultaneously meet the demands of the present while planning for the future. In a sense, trends are the analogy our minds need to help us think about and understand change. 
### Sources of change
{ #7bdee9}


- Everyone within an organizations should be aware of trends
- Trends are subjected to and shaped by external forces (not a vacuum). Just as its useful to organize our thinking along a chronological path through time zones, it's important to categorize the various dimensions of our everyday life, with technology as the primary interconnector
1. **Wealth distribution:** Even as tech becomes more accessible, a ubiquitous, persistent digital divide will impact our future wealth distributions.
2. **Education**: Tech does not just affect students - teachers and administrators must now use electronic record keeping systems for tests and grading. 
3. **Government**: There isn't a facet of our modern-day government that does not intersect with science and tech trends.
4. **Politics**: Citizen activists area banding together and using online petitions and social media to make sure their voices are heard.
5. **Public Health**: Cognitive computing platforms are helping public health researchers predict and map the health of our neighborhoods and communities
6. **Demography**: Understand how our population is shifting—our birth and death rates, income, population, migration, incidence of disease an other dynamics—is core to managing everything from big business to city government.
7. **Economy**: Science and tech trends intersect with all of the major economic indicators, whether that's durable goods retail trade, or residential construction.
8. **Environment**: Tech is both harming and improving our planet. 
9. **Journalism**: How do we learn about the world around us? News gathering, publishing, and broadcasting are inextricably tied to the internet, our computers, mobile devices, algorithms, and the cloud.
10. **Media**: Our individual and collective use of social networks, chat services, digital video channels, photo sharing services, and so on have forever changed how we interact with each other.