---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/010-brain/010-my-brain/202201160957-cipher/","created":"2022-01-16T09:57:25.000-05:00","updated":"2025-03-21T17:35:20.574-04:00"}
---

---

[[010 Brain/010 My Brain/{ The Signals are Talking#2. Use 202201160957 - CIPHER\|{ The Signals are Talking#2. Use 202201160957 - CIPHER]]

---

## Contradictions
- When two or more things succeed or fail simultaneously, though usually they would track in opposite directions; or when things track in the same direction, though typically the reverse would be true.
## Inflections
- When something happens to catalyze a great acceleration in emerging researach. 
	- fundraising; acquisition of a new company, product, or team; the passage or defeat of legislation; an unanticipated natural disaster; a market crash; an act of terrorism.
## Practices
- When a new technology threatens the established orthodoxy.
## Hacks
- When consumers or companies are creating off-label uses for something such that it becomes more useful; or when an experience related to tech or digital media is so frustrating that one builds something smarter, more intuitive and easier to use. 
## Extremes
- When people are truly pushing boundaries in an attempt to break new ground.
## Rarities
- When something—a social movement, or object, a community, a business practice, or a policy— is so unusual and unique that it seems like a meaningless outlier, but it actually solves a fundamental human need or transforms some element of society.
	- something out of place but succeeding, even if it is not the cause of disruption or transformation itself. 